---
layout: home
---

<div class="banner">

h1. Hello.

</div>

<div class="colophon">

I am presently working as a Senior Research Engineer at <a href="www.netradyne.com" target="_blank">Netradyne</a>, where I am member of the Analytics Group. I'm primarily working in building machine learning models for processing sensory and visual information for commercial fleets and driver safety analytics.

Previously, I was working as a Data Scientist at Indix.com, where I was member of the <a href="http://www.indix.com/blog/building-comprehensive-database-products-open-problems-challenges-machine-learning" target="_blank">Machine Learning Group</a>. At Indix, I was building predictive models for product categorization and for automatically extracting important product attributes from product pages and product titles.

I have a Master of Science by Research from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras. I was advised by <a href="http://www.cse.iitm.ac.in/~ravi/" target="_blank">Prof. B. Ravindran</a>. The topic of my research was graph mining, specifically <a href="http://randomsurfer.in/research/">my research</a> thesis was on Scalable Role Identification and Discovery in Social Networks.

<a href="http://randomsurfer.in/research/"><b>Summary</b> of my Research and Education.</a>
<a href="http://randomsurfer.in/projects/"><b>Synopsis</b> of my Research Projects.</a>
<a href="http://randomsurfer.in/photography/">My <b>photographic</b> musings.</a>

You can reach me at pratik[dot]gupte[at]gmail[dot]com


<h4>News:</h4>
<ul>
   <li>19/03/2015: I was featured on <a href="http://www.indix.com/employee-spotlight-pratik-gupte-data-scientist/" target="_blank">Indix Employee Spotlight.</a></li>
</ul>

<br>
<h4>Education:</h4>

M.S. by Research, Department of <a href="http://www.cse.iitm.ac.in" target="_blank">Computer Science and Engineering</a>, <a href="http://www.iitm.ac.in/" target="_blank" rel="IIT Madras">IIT Madras</a>.
B.E. with <b>Honours</b>, Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg.

<h4>Research Interests:</h4>

Machine Learning, Mining Large Datasets and Graph Mining.

</div>
